Update Annotations life cycle status (#1756)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Reference/Software_support_life_cycles.md

|---------|---------|---------|---------|
| Jobs app | End of Engineering | Module is being retired. | End of Life to be confirmed |
| Ticketing app | End of Engineering | Module is being retired. | End of Life to be confirmed |

> | Annotations | End of Life | From DataMiner version 10.3.x (Q4 2022) onwards, Annotations is End of Life. | End of Life |

Reviewer: "is End of Life" is a bit odd. Would it be correct if we changed it like this?
```suggestion
| Annotations | End of Life | From DataMiner version 10.3.x (Q4 2022) onwards, Annotations can no longer be used. | End of Life |
```

Author: Actually it can still be used and it's enabled by default. You have to manually disable it via a softlaunch flag so 'can no longer be used' isn't really correct here.

Reviewer: Since it's "End of Life", could we say "Annotations should no longer be used"?

Author: That sounds good to me
